MT-Akismet

MT-Akismet is a plugin that transparently integrates Movable
Type's junk handling capabilities with the Akismet
collaborative spam filtering service.

For many people, Akismet will greatly reduce or even
completely eliminate the comment and TrackBack spam you get
on your sites. If one does happen to get through, simply
mark it as "Junk" and Akismet will learn from the mistake.

REQUIREMENTS

MT-Akismet requires valid API key that is provided when you
create a WordPress.com account. If you don't have a
WordPress.com account yet, you can get one at
http://wordpress.com.

MT-Akismet requires Movable Type 3.2 or higher. It requires
a few external modules from CPAN that have been packaged
along with the plugin. These modules are Class::Accessor which
is included and libwww-perl (LWP) library which ships with MT.

INSTALLATION

1 Download and unpack the latest MT-Akismet distribution
file.

2 Move the files into place.

Where mt is Movable Type application directory, transfer the
contents of the following distribution directories to

  extlib     -> mt/extlib 
  plugins    -> mt/plugins

B<DO NOT> replace these directories in MT as they are likely
to contain other files that your system and other plugins
need.

NOTICE: MT-Akismet will take advantage of background
processing if it is enabled on your system and is highly
recommended. For more on configuring your MT system to use
background processing see Configuration Directives section
of the manual

SUPPORT

No support is implied. Users experiencing issues installing
this plugin are recommended to make a post in the Plugins
forum of the MT Community forums found at
http://forums.sixapart.com/index.php?showforum=20

LICENSE

This plugin is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of either:

a) the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 1, or (at your option)
any later version,

or

b) the "Artistic License" which comes with this module.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. See either the GNU General Public License or the
Artistic License for more details.

AUTHOR

MT-Akismet has been developed by Timothy Appnel of Appnel
Solutions for Automattic. Copyright 2005-2006, All rights
reserved.